ADR for expose runner's machine info in log. (#354)
actions/runner: docs/adrs/0354-runner-machine-info.md

# ADR 354: Expose runner machine info

**Date**: 2020-03-02

**Status**: Pending

## Context

> - Provide an mechanism in the runner to include extra information in `Set up job` step's log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a mechanism in the runner to include extra information in `Set up job` step's log.
```

  Ex: Include OS/Software info from Hosted image.

## Decision

> The runner will looking for a file `.extra_setup_info` under runner's root directory, the file could be a JSON with a simple schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runner will look for a file `.extra_setup_info` under the runner's root directory, The file can be a JSON with a simple schema.
```

```json
[
  {
    "group": "OS Detail",
    "detail": "........"
  },
  {
    "group": "Software Detail",
    "detail": "........"
  }
]
```
The runner will use `##[group]` and `##[endgroup]` to fold all detail info into an expandable group.

> Both [virtual-environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments) and self-hosted runner can leverage this mechanism to add extra logging info to `Set up job` step's log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both [virtual-environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments) and self-hosted runners can use this mechanism to add extra logging info to the `Set up job` step's log.
```
